User Agreement:

In order to use the software and services, you should read and comply with this Software License Agreement (hereinafter referred to as (hereinafter referred to as this Agreement). Please be sure to carefully read and understand the content of each clause, especially the clause of exemption or limitation of liability, as well as the separate agreement to open or use a service, and choose to accept or not accept. Limitations, disclaimers may be brought to your attention in bold.

Unless you have read and accepted all the terms of this Agreement, you are not authorized to download, install or use the Software and related services. Your downloading, installation, login and other use behaviors are deemed to have read and agreed to be bound by the above agreement. If you are under the age of 18, please read this Agreement and other above agreements accompanied by a legal guardian, and pay special attention to the terms of use for minors.

First, the scope of the agreement

This Agreement is an agreement between you and the Software regarding your download, installation, use, copying of the Software, and use of the services related to the Software.

II. About the Service

The content of this service refers to the software client software provided including but not limited to the Windows version, and you must select the software version that matches the installation.

Third, the acquisition of software

You may obtain it directly from the third party authorized for the Software.

If you obtain the software or the installation program with the same name as the software from a third party that is not authorized by the software, the software cannot guarantee the normal use of the software and will not be responsible for the losses caused to you. After downloading the installer, you need to follow the steps prompted by the program to install it properly.

If you no longer need to use the Software or need to install a new version of the Software, you can uninstall it yourself.

Fourth, software updates

In order to improve the user experience and improve the service content, the software will continuously strive to develop new services and provide you with software updates from time to time (these updates may take the form of software replacement, modification, function enhancement, version upgrade, etc.).

In order to ensure the security and consistency of the functions of the software and services, the software has the right to update the software without special notice to you, or change or limit some functions of the software.

After the release of the new version of this software, the old version of the software may not be available, the software department guarantees that the old version of the software continues to be available and the corresponding services, please check and download the latest version at any time.

5. Protection of users' personal information

The protection of users' personal information is a basic principle of this software, and this software will take reasonable measures to protect users' information. Except in the circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations, this software will not be disclosed to third parties without the user's permission, and the user's personal information will be disclosed. In order to provide users with relevant service functions or improve technology and services, you may need to provide some necessary information in the process of registering an account or using this service, and this software adopts international standard encryption and transmission methods for relevant information to ensure the security of users' personal information.

Without your consent, this software will not disclose your personal information to any company, organization or individual outside this software, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations.

This software attaches great importance to the protection of minors' personal information. If you are a minor under the age of 18, you should obtain the written consent of your parent or legal guardian before using the services of this software.

6. Provisions on the main rights and obligations

This software specifically reminds you to keep your account properly and log out safely when you are finished using it.

Note to users: You understand and agree that in order to provide you with effective services, you hereby license this software to use the processor and broadband resources of your mobile communication terminal equipment. You need to obtain relevant tariff information from the operator for the data traffic fees that may be generated during the use of this software.

7. User Code of Conduct

When using this service, you shall comply with the "seven bottom lines" requirements such as laws and regulations, socialist system, national interests, citizens' legal rights, social public order, morality and information authenticity.

8. Software usage specifications

Unless permitted by law or the written permission of the Software, you may not delete the information about intellectual property rights on the Software and its copies during your use of the Software, reverse engineer the Software, etc., or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Software.

Nine, take responsibility for your own actions

You fully understand and agree that you must be responsible for all actions under your registered account.

X, Other

By using this software, you are deemed to have read and agreed to be bound by this software agreement. The Software has the right to modify the terms of this Agreement when necessary. If you do not accept the modified terms, you should stop using the Software.